# VirtualExhibits
PHP script that takes images of philatelic exhibit pages and creates files to place the exhibit on the web.
It assumes specific filenames are used and the inclusion of a text file with the exhibit name and eventually the layout of the frames. The files expected from the exhibitor are scanned at preferably 600DPI and named "f001.jpg", "f002.jpg", etc. (although other image formats are supported) and "i001.1.jpg", "i001.2.jpg", i002.1.jpg", etc. for individual items on the page. The script uses Jan Zikan's resize_image.php script to create resized image for thumbnails ("t001.jpg", t002.jpb", etc.) and page views ("p001.jpb", p002.jpg", etc.). HTML files are then created to match the images up in a frame by frame format ("exframe01.html", "exframe02.html", etc.) and then files for the individual pages ("expage001.html", "expage002.html", "expage003.html", etc.).
Once the files have been created it is expected that the webmaster will edit the page files to move the map areas to positions that match the individual items on the page. Finally the pages are uploaded to an appropriate folder on the website along with all images files. The entire process should take between 5 minutes and 45 minutes per exhibit, mostly depending on exhibit size and number of items per page.
If the webmaster/exhibit chair choose to not show individual items as clickable links then the 'i' files are omitted and the script ignores them. Clicking on a page will show the full sized image, scrollable via their web browser.
